Dear Mom and Dad, I promise to write, so, we're staying with Ling Ling's uncle in Hunan province,
and I'm having a wonderful time here in John Ja Ja. It's a magic land of mountains, forests,
and rivers. It's very large, about 480 km2. It's famous for the strange shape of its tall rocks.
Some of them look like humans, while others look like wild animals.
Last night we camped by a small lake. During the night we heard a noise. It woke everybody up.
We thought somebody was moving about. Ling Ling's uncle said it was an animal.
We came out without making any noise, and found it was just a hungry monkey looking for food.
This morning we climbed Mount Chienzu. From the top we hoped to see the lakes and forests,
but it was a pity that it was cloudy. We could only see the mountain tops above the clouds.
Then we walked down the path, along a river, past trees and other plants and back to the camp.
I pulled a leaf off a plant, but Ling Ling's uncle said that it was wrong to pull leaves off plants,
and that we should protect everything here. I was very sorry.
Tomorrow we're going to Dong Tien Lake, the second largest freshwater lake in China.
We'll be back home next week, wish you were here. Love Betty.